Release notes for v0.81.2 (#2744)
wandb/docs: release-notes/server-releases.mdx

<EolReminder/>

<Update label="v0.81.2" description="June 8, 2026">
**June 8, 2026**
## Fixes

> - Fixed a bug in Dedicated Cloud where a private preview feature could incorrectly be turned off after upgrading to v0.81.1. Deployments are upgraded automatically and no action is required. Contact [support](mailto:support@wandb.com) if you notice problems.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug in Dedicated Cloud where an opt-in preview feature could incorrectly be turned off after upgrading to v0.81.1. Deployments are upgraded automatically and no action is required. Contact [support](mailto:support@wandb.com) if you notice problems.
```
